h1. HiveMind

A fork of Bees With Machine Guns to make it useful for more arbitrary tasks.
Instructions below are a slightly modified version from https://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns. All acknowledgements goes to the original creators.


h2. Dependencies

* Python 2.6
* boto
* paramiko

h2. Installation

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/GraveRaven/hivemind.git
cd hivemind
mkvirtualenv --no-site-packages hivemind
easy_install pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
</pre>

h2. Configuring AWS credentials

Bees uses boto to communicate with EC2 and thus supports all the same methods of storing credentials that it does.  These include declaring environment variables, machine-global configuration files, and per-user configuration files. You can read more about these options on "boto's configuration page":http://code.google.com/p/boto/wiki/BotoConfig.

At minimum, create a .boto file in your home directory with the following contents:

<pre>
[Credentials]
aws_access_key_id = <your access key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your secret key>
</pre>

The credentials used must have sufficient access to EC2.

Make sure the .boto file is only accessible by the current account:

<pre>
chmod 600 .boto
</pre>

h2. Usage

A typical hivemind session looks something like this:

<pre>
hivemind up -s 4 -g public -k frakkingtoasters
hivemind order -o 'ping github.com'
hivemind down
</pre>

This spins up 4 servers in security group 'public' using the EC2 keypair 'frakkingtoasters', whose private key is expected to reside at ~/.ssh/frakkingtoasters.pem.

*Note*: the default EC2 security group is called 'default' and by default it locks out SSH access. I recommend creating a 'public' security group for use with the bees and explicitly opening port 22 on that group.

It then uses those 4 servers to ping github.com

Lastly, it spins down the 4 servers.  *Please remember to do this*--we aren't responsible for your EC2 bills.

For complete options type:

<pre>
bees -h
</pre>

h2. The caveat! (PLEASE READ)

(The following was cribbed from our "original blog post about the bees":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/08/bees-with-machine-guns/.)

If you decide to use the Bees, please keep in mind the following important caveat: they are, more-or-less a distributed denial-of-service attack in a fancy package and, therefore, if you point them at any server you don’t own you will behaving *unethically*, have your Amazon Web Services account *locked-out*, and be *liable* in a court of law for any downtime you cause.

You have been warned.

h2. Bugs

Please log your bugs on the "Github issues tracker":http://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns/issues.

h2. Credits

The bees are a creation of the News Applications team at the Chicago Tribune--visit "our blog":http://apps.chicagotribune.com/ and read "our original post about the project":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/%2008/bees-with-machine-guns/.

Initial refactoring code and inspiration from "Jeff Larson":http://github.com/thejefflarson.

Thanks to everyone who reported bugs against the alpha release.

h2. License

MIT.
